Updated meta descriptions flagged as 'too short' (#724)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/concepts/pauli-measurements.md

---
title: Pauli Measurements

> description: Learn how to work with measurements of single- and multi-qubit Pauli operators. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to work with single- and multi-qubit Pauli measurement operations. 
```
